In this video, we're going to do a little bit of basic setup of the expiration service.
So we're going to create a new sub project directory, install some dependencies, all that kind of
low level stuff.
Let's get to it right away.
Back inside of my editor, I'm going to create a new directory called Expiration.
Now.
I would love to add in a ton of stuff for this base project from scratch, but just to save time in
the context of this course, we're going to instead copy over a couple of different files from our ticket
service just to save some time.
So inside of my tickets directory I'm going to do a multi select of Docker, ignore the Docker file
package JSON and the config JSON file as well.
Once I've got all four files, I'm then going to copy all of them.
And then paste them into the expiration directory that we just created.
Inside of exploration.
I'm also going to create a Z directory.
And we'll copy over one or two things from the Z folder inside of tickets inside of the ticket service.
I'll find the SSC directory and once again we will do a multi select this time of Nats wrapper index,
RTS and the MOX directory.
So three things in total.
I'm going to copy those three things.
And then paste them into the Exploration Service's CRC directory that we just created.
So at this point you should have an identical directory structure.
Please double check.
Just make sure you've got everything identical to what I show inside the expiration service.
Okay.
Once you've got that all set up, we're then going to go through a couple of these different files and
just clean them up, get them ready for the expiration service instead of the very particular setup
they have for the ticket service.
Well, first begin with the package JSON file.
So we're going to go through here and remove a couple of different dependencies and add one or two as
well.
Inside of the package JSON file inside the expiration service.
We'll update the name right here to expiration.
Not actually required, but might as well do it while we're here.
Well, then go and take a look at our dependency list.
We've got a lot of dependencies inside of here related to handling network requests or HTTP requests,
specifically everything around express tokens and sessions, cookies, all that stuff.
We do not need any of that stuff for the expiration service, so we're going to remove a lot of these
different dependencies.
I'm going to highlight everything from type's cookie session right here.
All the way down to Mongoose.
Update if current.
And I'm going to delete all those dependencies.
So now we are left with just for just the four you see right here.
Next up inside the dev dependency section, I'm going to delete types super test.
I will delete MongoDB memory server and I will delete super test as well.
So we're left with just these three.
Nothing else.
Okay.
Looks good.
I'm going to save this file.
We'll then go back over to our terminal and we're going to install these dependencies and add in one
or two others.
So back at my terminal, I've already changed into my new expiration directory to make sure you change
into expiration as well.
Then once inside there, we're going to install two packages.
One is both.
So that is the job processing manager that we're going to use.
We're also going to get the type definition file for ball as well.
So that's at types ball.
I'm going to run that.
And when we run an install for these two packages, those are the only packages that get installed.
We then have to run a normal NPM install to make sure that everything else we list inside of our package
JSON file gets added in as well.
So after that first command completes, I'll then do a normal NPM install.
All right.
That's going to take a moment or two.
So I'll just let it do its thing.
And I'm going to flip back over where we will keep doing just a little bit of additional setup.
So next thing we're going to do is take a look at our indexed file and we're going to clean up a lot
of stuff inside of here that is not going to be used inside of our exploration service.
So inside of index keys, again, inside the expiration service, I'm going to delete the import for
Mongoose.
I'll delete the import for app.
I'll delete the two imports for these two listeners.
Well, then start to clean up these 2/1 environment variable checks so we don't need a JSON web token
key or a mongo URI, but we will leave around the next three.
Then going down a little bit.
We still need all this stuff around Nats wrapper, the Nats wrapper, client clothes and the processed
stuff right there as well.
But then after that, we're going to delete the two listeners.
We'll delete the Mongoose Kinect statement and the console log that says Connected to MongoDB.
And then finally, we will delete the app.
Listen.
Call at the very bottom.
And that's it.
So I'll save this file and close it.
Two other files I want to check really quickly.
So if we take a look at Nat's wrapper.
All right, we just have some stuff inside of here around that mock.
Nothing we really need to fix up right now.
And then inside the nats wrapper file, we do have an import for node net streaming.
That's fine.
We are seeing a couple of errors here around TypeScript.
You may or may not see these errors at all.
If you do see these errors like I do.
The way to fix them is once again command shift p on your keyboard.
And search for reload window.
Alternatively, you can just restart your editor.
All right.
That looks a lot better for me.
So that's pretty much it with some initial setup.
We're going to take a pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to build an initial Docker image for this exploration
service.
We'll then create a couple of different Kubernetes config files to create a new deployment for our exploration
service and also create that Redis instance as well.